You discover a secret door tucked in a corner of the area. You move ahead to open it to discover another room.
You find an old journal written in a very old I'ngole dialect; I'ngole was the official Taikuus language.You were not able to read all the writings in the journals but you could read some of it. '.. summoning spell generated power big enough to forge one Levistone. Levistone large enough to levitate our first Taikuus city. .. it came at a great cost. ..managed to squeezed through the rift we had created before we could close it. The .. was even more ancient then us, and it wielded knowledge and power beyond our comprehension. I doubt we would try to create another Levistone anytime soon until we can find another less dangerous power source.'
You pick up the next journal and start reading it. '..it took many powerful of us to keep Murgoolsh under control. He is too powerful, and can not be left to roam free. I can feel his evil seeping slowly in the fabric of our existence on this plane even as I write. The balance has tipped towards the darkness. We do not know how to send it back where it came from. There is only one thing we can do..'
You picked up the journal inside the chest and start reading ..'..most of us surround Murgoolsh with our wills to contain him, the council started its incantations to bind him to his eternal prison. It is our hope that it will be his eternal prison. If not, it will at least be entombed in the chasm for a very longtime..'
You pick up the journal and start reading ..'.. I met with Murgoolsh for the last time before the door to his cell become magically sealed forever. He give a recipe to make an object of very big power source to forge Levistones with, in return he wants to be free. I told him that I must  verify the recipe, if not I cannot convince the others to free him. The doors were shut and sealed forever. The recipe said to create Creovox the meeting the leylines in this star system. It will take years, my whole lifetime to map the leylines. I wrote the recipe down for future generations, incase I cannot finish this mission before I die..'
You start reading the journal..'..I feel the ether calling out to me even as I write my last entry in here. I have entrusted my life's work to the Great Library of Tolus. May the next generation of Taikuus continue my research, if they choose to.' You bring the journals you have collected and head back to speak with Dex'tre.